# Google-Data-Analytics-Bellabeat-Case-Study
#### Author: Zahra
#### Date: 

#### [Tableau Dashboard]()

#### [Google Slides Presentation to Skateholders]()

#

_The case study follows the six step data analysis process:_
#### 1. Ask :grey_question:
#### 2. Prepare :alembic: 
#### 3. Process :broom:
#### 4. Analyze :computer:
#### 5. Share :chart:
#### 6. Act :mage:

## Scenario
Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women, is a successful small company, but they have the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. The company has 5 main products: bellabeat app, leaf, time, spring and bellabeat membership. The task is to focus on one of Bellabeat’s products and analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using their smart devices. The insights discovered will then help guide marketing strategy for the company.

## 1. Ask
**Business Task:** Analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how customers use non-Bellabeat smart devices and help guide marketing strategy for Bellabeat to become a larger player in the global market.

**Primary Stakeholders:** Urška Sršen and Sando Mur, executive team members

**Secondary Stakeholders:** BellaBeat marketing team

## 2. Prepare
- The data used in this analysis is the FitBit Fitness Tracker data from 30 participants made available by Mobius stored on [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit?select=Fitabase+Data+4.12.16-5.12.16).

- The dataset has 18 CSV files organized in long format.

- The data is under CC0: Public Domain meaning that the creator has waived all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law.

- This dataset was generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016.

- Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring.

**ROCCC Analysis**
- **R**eliability: :green_circle::white_circle::white_circle: Data set was collected from 30 individuals whose gender is unknown. The central limit theorem general rule (n>=30) can be applied to use the t-test for statistical inference. However a larger sample results in a more accurate analysis.


- **O**riginality: :green_circle::white_circle::white_circle: Using Amazon Mechanical Turk for third party data


- **C**omprehensive: :green_circle::green_circle::white_circle: Contains data on daily activities, calories, intensities, steps, and sleep.


- **C**urrent: :green_circle::white_circle::white_circle: Data is from 03.12.2016 to 05.12.2016 and is not current.


- **C**ited: :green_circle::green_circle::green_circle: [Sources](https://zenodo.org/record/53894#.X9oeh3Uzaao) are well documented.
